MLM is Steven Steven Lee and I'm working
for IPS force and which is a company and
also a community the lab chef's
community also a software developer
Makeda hub handle is Steven double zero
for I think why I come to the IDF's camp
yeah there are a few reasons the first
one is that I really P really believe
the future of the storage is a decent
rest and storage and ipfs is our some is
the most advanced technology I had been
saying okay so far and so last year I
just quit from my previous company and
yeah devine to this technology and I
joined this company and IPS force that
appears force company is totally working
on the applications and the product
won't based on IP FS or and in the
future we'll also to some supported and
Falcone yeah and I'm the only one and
this is also the first time I come to
the yeah and I believe camp and I the I
was think and yeah if next year we have
this yeah
same type of station our joy to um yeah
today there are lots of amazing courses
and other activities I think and I think
the most remarkable one would be the
poster and a put project which is really
amazing it's because we have all the
people work together on different
yeah technologies all and to share with
other people a very short time and I
yeah I say everybody is very very
passionate and well walk very close I
also say that there are many meaning and
yeah you know visions appears hands it
there so I was thinking that I could
bring this back to my team and we have
yeah we have a salt road team and
everybody could have some ideas for our
project in Shanghai
actually the ipfs force is also a
community and we have yeah we have
trigger relapse you have to be you have
to be more the process we have a bit hub
per week on Tuesday Ely yeah usually
it's about two hours a bit up and we
have many many members to join us every
week reversely I I have been worked for
Cisco for about eight years and we were
working on the disputed at this beauty
storage network for a few years so I
think that the storage market is very
huge and it's also the future because we
have more and more and beta right so I
think that we will continue to work on
the storage technology and I find an IPF
s I said three years ago I was saying
that as I just mentioned IP here is the
most advanced and it's a amazing
technology it's surprised to me as if
first time I took some spare time to
study this and I said yeah I said when
you talk only you're focused on this and
repair some services or applications
based on this so that's why I joined
this team
I also the co-founder of this team and I
Pierce was one platform it's we call it
IPS a force a platform IPS ipfs force
platform is a another layer and about
ipfs to provide provide some functions
and ipas2 lot happens because IPS is a
there is a storage infrastructure so
they need to have some other services
too and for the ecosystem so our system
is one of them and our system will
provide they provide the user management
for example the user authentication your
recruiting and condition yes something
like that and also will provide
encryption and we will have some yes
statistics and and monitoring and we
will have these services to provide API
for the penis for them to build up their
and their applications and we could also
have their end user to another to
directly access our storage and also we
have control that yeah we we provided a
storage here for the application and the
application will have some users right
so it's not like it's not like the
current cloud storage that because in
current and clock low storage the users
actually to have one single point to
access this storage right yeah in our
system and
the apps or the users the directly to
access ipfs note and but before they
access it the Utica and it's a
permission to get the and you have to
have the authentication from our
administration administration and sender
so and we have other node to have to add
some modules to do some statistics and
moisturing and evaluations so we could
record currently the service so
basically it's like this we have the
storage we have the storage and
disinterest and we could have many
people install our software and to join
this yeah so it's the data plant is
addressed whether the control plan is
interested because the card storage is
kind of an expensive and we our system
actually we could use and despairs yes
pare-pare spare storage okay it's
because there are very many spirit
storage me in jail and in a war
I believe so we just ask people to
install a software under a system under
a computer or other and yeah story saver
it could be very cheap is because they
already invest that for some other and
agribusiness or
or home